Rewrite README file (#111)
bemanproject/exemplar: README.md

```

Full runnable examples can be found in [`examples/`](examples/).

## Dependency

### Build Environment

This project requires minimal **C++17** and **CMake 3.25** to build.

This project pulls [Google Test](https://github.com/google/googletest)
from GitHub as a development dependency for its testing framework,
thus requiring an active internet connection to configure.
You can disable this behavior by setting cmake option
[`BEMAN_EXEMPLAR_BUILD_TESTS`](#beman_exemplar_build_tests) to `OFF`
when configuring the project.

However,
some examples and tests will not be compiled
unless provided compiler support **C++20** or ranges capabilities enabled.

> [!TIP]
>
> You will be able to see if there's any examples that isn't enabled due to

> > compiler capabilities or minimum C++ version it is configured to in the logs.

Author: Thanks, this made the text a lot more clear!

For more detailed documentation regarding creating and developing inside of
GitHub codespaces, please reference [this doc](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/).

> [!NOTE]
>
> The codespace container may take up to 5 minutes to build and spin-up,
> this is normal as we need to build a custom docker container to setup
> an environment appropriate for beman projects.

### Develop locally on your machines

<details>
<summary> For Linux based systems </summary>

Beman libraries requires [recent versions of CMake](#build-environment),
we advice you download CMake directly from [CMake's website](https://cmake.org/download/)
or install via the [Kitware apt library](https://apt.kitware.com/).

A [supported compiler](#supported-platforms) should be available from your package manager.
Alternatively you could use an install script from official compiler vendors.

Here is an example of how to install the latest stable version of clang
as per [the official LLVM install guide](https://apt.llvm.org/).

```bash
bash -c "$(wget -O - https://apt.llvm.org/llvm.sh)"
```

</details>

<details>
<summary> For MacOS based systems </summary>

> Beman libraries requires [recent versions of CMake](#build-environment),
> you can use `Homebrew` to install the latest major version of CMake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beman libraries require [recent versions of CMake](#build-environment).
You can use `Homebrew` to install the latest major version of CMake.
```

> you can use `Homebrew` to install the latest major version of CMake.

Author: need to add a link for homebrew here.

```bash
brew install cmake
```

A [supported compiler](#supported-platforms) is also available from brew.

For example, you can install latest major release of Clang++ compiler as:

```bash
brew install llvm
```

</details>

> ### Configure and Build the project using CMake Preset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure and Build the Project Using CMake Presets
```

This project recommends using [CMake Preset](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake-presets.7.html)
to configure, build and test the project.

> Appropriate presets for major compilers has been included by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Appropriate presets for major compilers have been included by default.
```

You can use `cmake --list-presets` to see all available presets.

Here is an example to invoke the `gcc-debug` preset.

```shell
cmake --workflow --preset gcc-debug
```

Generally, there's two kinds of presets, `debug` and `release`.

> The `debug` presets are designed to aid development,
> thus it has as much sanitizers turned on as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `debug` presets are designed to aid development, so it has debugging
instrumentation enabled and as many sanitizers turned on as possible.
```

> [!NOTE]
>

> > The set of sanitizer supports are different across compilers,
> > you can checkout the exact set compiler arguments by looking at the toolchain
> > files under the [`cmake`](cmake/) directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The set of sanitizer supports are different across compilers.
> You can checkout the exact set compiler arguments by looking at the toolchain
> files under the [`cmake`](cmake/) directory.
```

The `release` presets are designed for use in production environments,
thus it has the highest optimization turned on (e.g. `O3`).

> ### Configure and Build the project manually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure and Build Manually
```

> While [CMake Preset](#configure-and-build-the-project-using-cmake-preset) is
> convenient,
> you might want to pass extra config/ compiler arguments for configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While [CMake Presets](#configure-and-build-the-project-using-cmake-preset) are
convenient, you might want to set different configuration or compiler arguments
than any provided preset supports.
```

> therefore,
> you will need to specify C++ version via `CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD`
> when manually configuring the project.

### Project specific configure arguments

When configuring the project manually,
you can pass an array of project specific CMake configs to customize your build.

Project specific options are prefixed with `BEMAN_EXEMPLAR`.
You can see the list of available options with:

```bash
cmake -LH | grep "BEMAN_EXEMPLAR" -C 2
```

<details>

<summary> Details of CMake arguments. </summary>

#### `BEMAN_EXEMPLAR_BUILD_TESTS`

Enable building tests and test infrastructure. Default: ON.
Values: { ON, OFF }.

You can configure the project to have this option turned off via:

```bash
cmake -B build -S . -DCMAKE_CXX_STANDARD=20 -DBEMAN_EXEMPLAR_BUILD_TESTS=OFF
```

> [!TIP]
> Because this project requires Google Tests as part of its development
> dependency,
> disable building tests avoids the project from pulling Google Tests from
> GitHub.

#### `BEMAN_EXEMPLAR_BUILD_EXAMPLES`

Enable building examples. Default: ON. Values: { ON, OFF }.

</details>

## Integrate beman.exemplar into your project

> To use `beman.exemplar` in your C++ project,
> you should include relevant headers from `beman.exemplar` in your source files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use `beman.exemplar` in your C++ project,
include an appropriate `beman.exemplar` header from your source code.
```

> [!NOTE]
> 
> `beman.exemplar` headers are to be included with the `beman/exemplar/` directories prefixed.
> It is not supported to alter include search paths to spell the include target another way. For instance,
> `#include <identity.hpp>` is not a supported interface.

```c++
#include <beman/exemplar/identity.hpp>
```

> You will then link your project to `beman.exemplar`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How you will link your project against `beman.exemplar` will depend on your build system.
CMake instructions are provided in following sections.
```

### Produce beman.exemplar static library locally

You can include exemplar's headers locally
by producing a static `libbeman.exemplar.a` library.

```bash
cmake --workflow --preset gcc-release
cmake --install build/gcc-release --prefix /opt/beman.exemplar
```

This will generate such project structure at `/opt/beman.exemplar`.

```txt
/opt/beman.exemplar
├── include
│   └── beman
│       └── exemplar
│           └── identity.hpp
└── lib
    └── libbeman.exemplar.a

> ```

Reviewer: We should just remove this section. We don't want to support arbitrary `-lbeman.exemplar` and such. This is especially true for libraries that will actually have link time dependencies for release builds.

Install instructions are good to document, but that would be for people maintaining these packages in Conan, vcpkg, Debian, or a similar project. They would go in a packaging guide, if we wanted to support one of those.

Author: I agree with this, I will go ahead and remove this section.

Author: Actually, I am not sure, `cmake --install` is a command we maintain, should I document this differently?

> ### Linking your project to beman.exemplar with CMake

Reviewer 2: "Linking" has a specific meaning in C++. I think we should use "incorporate" instead.

### Linking your project to beman.exemplar with CMake

For CMake based projects,
you will need to use the `beman.exemplar` CMake module
to define the `beman::exemplar` CMake target:

```cmake
find_package(beman.exemplar REQUIRED)
```

You will also need to add `beman::exemplar` to the link libraries of

> any libraries or executables that include beman.exemplar's header file.

Reviewer: Looks good.

Note that it would be a little tricky to get the pluralization of "header file" versus "header files" correct if a project template contained this text. Some projects would be one header like `beman.exemplar`, but many would not.

> any libraries or executables that include beman.exemplar's header file.

Reviewer 2: beman.exemplar's header file -> beman.exemplar headers

> ### Produce beman.exemplar static library locally

Reviewer 2: "locally" isn't well defined

```cmake
target_link_libraries(yourlib PUBLIC beman::exemplar)
```

### Linking your project to beman.exemplar with compiler options

Compile your project so that it links to the header and library correctly.

```bash
c++ -I/opt/beman.exemplar/include \
    -L/opt/beman.exemplar/lib -lbeman.exemplar \
    your_project.cpp -o your_project

> ```

Reviewer: Again, I don't think we should bother documenting how to support direct compiler invocations. I suggest we remove this section.

## Building beman.exemplar

### Build Environment

This project requires minimal **C++17** and **CMake 3.25** to build.

However,
some examples and tests will not be compiled

> unless provided compiler support **C++20**.

Author: This should be put after "This project pull Google Test", and maybe highlight it with markdown's note functionality.

Author: Note that what is supported/ not supported can be seen in the CMake config log.

Author: done

This project pulls [Google Test](https://github.com/google/googletest)
from GitHub as a development dependency,
you can disable this behavior by setting `BEMAN_EXEMPLAR_BUILD_TESTS` to `OFF`.

#### Install Environment on Ubuntu 24.04

> The latest CMake build tool can be installed from [cmake.org](https://cmake.org/download/).

Author: Adopted.

A supported compiler (listed below) should be available from your package manager.

```bash
sudo apt update

> sudo apt install gcc-14

Author: This should be put after `supported platforms`

Author: done.

```

### Supported Platforms

> This project officially support development using:

Author: Adopted

- GNU GCC Compiler version 12+
- LLVM Clang++ Compiler version 17+
- AppleClang compiler on Mac OS
- MSVC compiler on Windows

> These development environments are varified using our CI system.

Reviewer: Well, pedantically we're not testing with the soon-to-be-released GCC 15. Do we want to put an upper bound on the supported version ranges? Or is that too nitpicky?

> These development environments are varified using our CI system.

Author: Yeah it just doesn't flow well. I will try to put it in.

> These development environments are varified using our CI system.

Author: We should be able to test against HEADs of the compilers when we have the docker based compiler image infra soon.

> These development environments are varified using our CI system.

Author: Adopted
